Document state_attributes table (#194)
home-assistant/data.home-assistant: docs/data_states.md

> The difference between `last_changed` and `last_updated` is that `last_changed` only updates when the `state` value was changed while `last_updated` is updated on every state change. Example: if a light turns on, the state changes from `off` to `on`, so both `last_updated` and `last_changed` will update. If a light changes color from red to blue, only the state attributes change. In this case only `last_updated` will change. By distinguishing between these two values, we can easily identify how long a light has been on and how long it has been on the current color/brightness.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The difference between `last_changed` and `last_updated` is that `last_changed` only updates when the `state` value was changed while `last_updated` is updated on any change to the state, even if that included just attributes. Example: if a light turns on, the state changes from `off` to `on`, so both `last_updated` and `last_changed` will update. If a light changes color from red to blue, only the state attributes change. In this case only `last_updated` will change. By distinguishing between these two values, we can easily identify how long a light has been on and how long it has been on the current color/brightness.
```

| ----------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| state_id          | Column(Integer, primary_key=True)                                         |
| domain            | Column(String(64))                                                        |
| entity_id         | Column(String(255))                                                       |
| state             | Column(String(255))                                                       |
| event_id          | Column(Integer, ForeignKey('events.event_id'), index=True)                |
| last_changed      | Column(DateTime(timezone=True), default=datetime.utcnow)                  |
| last_updated      | Column(DateTime(timezone=True), default=datetime.utcnow, index=True)      |
| old_state_id      | Column(Integer, ForeignKey("states.state_id"), index=True)                |
| attributes_id     | Column(Integer, ForeignKey("state_attributes.attributes_id"), index=True) |

The `created` field is no longer stored in the `states` table to avoid duplicating data in the database as it was always the same as `last_updated` and the matching `state_change` event's `time_fired`.

> As many `attributes` are the same, attributes are now stored in the `state_attributes` table with many to one relationship:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As many `attributes` are the same, attributes are stored in the `state_attributes` table with many to one relationship:
```
